DOC-3274: Fixed the docker guides for Hyperlinking, Image Proxy, and Spelling services for the TinyMCE 8 Docs. (#3858)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/docker/hyperlinking-service/hyperlinking-service-installation.adoc

    init: true
    volumes:
      - type: bind
        source: ./application.conf #change this to the path on your local machine
        # Use the below target path if using any version below 2.109.6.
        # target: /ephox-hyperlinking/ephox-hyperlinking-docker-env.conf
        target: /app/application.conf
        read_only: true
----

+
[NOTE]

> From version 2.130.0 onwards, the `target` path in the volums option must point to `/app/application.conf` .

Author: ```suggestion
From version 2.109.6 onwards, the `target` path in the volums option must point to `/app/application.conf` .
```

> From version 2.109.6 onwards, the `target` path in the volums option must point to `/app/application.conf` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 2.109.6 onwards, the `target` path in the `volumes` option must point to `/app/application.conf` .
```
